Now with that if we go through the next screen where we have a running game we face the next problem
there in portrait mode.
It looks good but if we rotate the device then this doesn't look too good.
Now here a solution simply could be that we changed the styling a little bit.
If we don't have that much height weight level.
Alternatively we render a totally different layout based on the available space.
Both would be options you have.
You could for example try to render to side by side by simply adding if check here in your game screen
where you return totally different J has X code and maybe alter with totally different styling and therefore
layout ing based on the available with or height and then you would just need to setup a listener that
re renders your component.
So with set stage just as we did it here in the start game screen to render your component whenever
that's the case I think that would be kind of interesting and therefore debt something I'll do here.
What all do is I want to render my buttons here to the left and the right of the number of container.
If we only have a limited height available and render it like we always did.
If that's not the case.
So I want to render totally different J has X code base than light dimensions.
So here I'll add if check and say if dimensions get window height let's say if debt's smaller than 500
and we'll see if that value works then I want to return.
Basically this j is X code from down there.
So copy that put it between brackets here parentheses but I don't want to have my card here.
Instead I'll have the first main button before my number a container the next one after the number of
container and I'll have all of that inside of a new
view here which I'll wrap around this which should lay these three things out in a row.
So add a brand new style here styles let's say controls or whatever you want to name it.
And now I add this to my style sheet here and that's the same style she does before because it just
sets up styles that I can use anywhere my component no matter under which conditions I render what.
And here all set this flex direction to row.
The default this column and now we want to have a row here and I'll set justify content to space around
and we'll see how that looks like we now safeties and we start a new game here in landscape mode.
Doesn't look too bad.
Still some work to do but this is now what I get here in landscape mode or on devices with limited height
on the biases with more height.
I still get the old view here which is of course exactly what I want.
Now let's fix this view here and therefore we can simply go to controls and give that a width of let's
say 80 percent so that the overall container is bigger and very important and set a line items here
to Center so that the number of container and two buttons are all centered vertically and now with that
if we give that another try here we enter this Des looks way better and it works in the same way as
before but now we have a different layout based on our dimensions.
Now of course the problem is this layout doesn't change if we rotate not the end of the world but we
might want to change back to that old layout and you'll learn how that works.
We just need to manage this with state and set up a listener.
Now I already have use state and use a factor in the game screen so all we need to do in our game screen
component is start by setting up that state here and in the end what we want to manage here is our the
vise with which changes over time maybe named this away little device with to make it clear that we're
not setting the device with here we're just setting detect it.
Device with you could therefore alter named as detected device with.
I'll name it a way little device with and set away lable device with a managed as with use state where
I use dimensions get window with to get the available device with and of course I just recognized this
is wrong.
We're interested in the height not the width
but will need the width as well for this check here so we'll need both.
So we have the away little device with and I'll also manage never stayed here.
That's our available.
The Y's height here also.
This is set a way lable the vice height at the upper here.
Initially we get the available device height and now we need to change both.
When our orientation changes for Dad we can use a fact for example here set up a function that runs
whenever our component renders and in this function here all setup dimensions add event listener.
Listen to change events and setup a function which should trigger when that's the case update layout
for example is a fitting name because that's exactly what we're doing.
And then there I call set a way lable device with an eye set as two dimensions get window dot with and
of course all the set away lable device height two dimensions get window height update layout a Stanford
a function we point at on our event listener on dimensions and justice before we need a cleanup function
to a wide unnecessary renders in a dysfunction we simply use dimensions remove event listener change
where we point at update layout and we're good now we just need to use our two states here away lable
device with and the way little device height.
So in this if check here I use a whale device with and here where a where I'm interested in the height
I use a whale device height if we now save this we should have a layout where if we start a game we
have this look but if we then rotate into landscape mode this changes and of course all the changes
back it needs to hear on ISIS we have this look and we have this look if we rotate so now this is really
looking good and this is giving us the look we want based on the available width and height and it also
respects changes to that when we rotate the vice.